How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    
    A diff is much more shorter than the source files because it shows only 
    the differences between two files. So it allows to go through the differences 
    and to check them. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having easy access to the entire history of a file allows to make the changes
    and save your work without feeling that there is no way back. It encourages you
    and let you experiment. Experimenting and testing different features make you
    a more efficient programmer.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros of manually saving the versions is that you can bundle the changes
    to one logical commit. It gives a better overview of the versions and allows
    to go back to a specific state of a document. The contra of manually saving
    is that you can forget to do it so you won't be able to restore the document.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    When you write a programm you may have several files that are interrelated.
    E.g. the classes in Java can use the methods of each other so when you change
    one file it can impact on the other files and it can force you to change other
    files, too. It is a good idea to have these changes as one commit. It makes it
    easier to compare the versions then.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows the list of all commits. git diff allows to enter the id's
    of the two commits to see the chages that were made.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
